### Tiffany, Formerly of Lavendau, Now-resident of Arthorne, to Maurice, Man-at-arms in service of Viscount Joran, greetings.

<span class="newthought">As you may remember</span>, in May of this year, you came to Arthrone escorting Nora, one of our residents involved in the extrajudicial killing of Lars the Strangler, to her trial for property damage to the prison. Soon afterward, I showed you a disturbing scene in a house in Arthrone, and you asked me to bring you any additional information regarding the grizly scene if it became known to me. It now seems likely that the source of the bodies we found were the victims of a group of raiders that had moved into the area. Once they had been discovered they attacked the town in force, breaking into homes and throwing jars of bees at people (I wish I were jesting). Indeed, I believe that they had convinced themselves that they had tapped into occult powers that let them command vermin to do their bidding. This belief, however, turned to be fantasy: the residents of Arthone are repelled their attack with minimal casualties, and those that attacked us were killed to the last man. I hope this information is useful to you and your colleagues, and brings you some peace knowing that the directly responsible parties are now neutralized.

<span class="newthought">To tie up loose ends</span>, I have attatched several sketches of these raiders to inquire whether they are known to you or the rest of the guard in the Viscount's employ, and especially if they have outstanding bounties that may be collected on them. I would also like to know if there have been reports of disappearances in the area, as I would like to bring any possible peace of mind to any family uncertain as to the fate of their loved ones, sad as though the final news may be. A historical record of disappearances may also be useful in finding any possible camp where more of these dangerous, delusional bandits have set up camp in order to ensure the safety of Arthorne and the wider region. Any riches recovered will, of course, be shared with the individuals who make such a heroic effort possible.

Thank you once again for your time and efforts. May this letter find you in good health and wealth. 

***Tiffany Foundling.***
